RAHUL PASUNURI
https://linkedin.com/in/rahulpasunuri
https://github.com/rahulpasunuri/
rahupasu@indiana.edu

Employment

Associate Instructor.
School of Informatics & Computing, Bloomington, IN, August 2014 – Present
Description:
Associate Instructor for the course Information Infrastructure II. (Python, CGI, T-SQL)

S&P Capital IQ, Gurgaon, India.
Software Engineer, July 2013 – July 2014
Description:
Developing a system to do Auto Extraction of Financial Data from documents of various formats like PDF, Excel, Text, XML. Implemented a system for the extraction of text from PDF documents, while preserving the reading order, with the help of various open-source projects.

Software Engineer, Intern.
Yahoo! Inc, Bangalore, India, Summer 2012

Creation of a testing framework for a system (called ‘Duplo’), which dynamically handles feature phone requests.

Education
Indiana University, Bloomington, IN, August 2014 - Present                                                            
Master of Science in Computer Science.
Cumulative GPA: 4.0 (on scale of 4).

Indian Institute of Technology – Guwahati (IIT – Guwahati), August 2009 – May 2013                            
Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering.
Cumulative GPA: 7.48 (on scale of 10).

Academic Projects
- Developed an automatic sentiment classifier to deduce the sentiment of user reviews on movies using machine learning techniques.
- Implemented a fully functional port scanner, which can infer status of the ports using various TCP and UDP scan techniques in a multi-threaded way.
- Implemented a simplified version BitTorrent client, which can be used to transfer files handling multiple leechers and mutliple seeders.
- Analyzed of various boosting algorithms, for Viola – Jones faces detection method on various metrics(using OpenCV).
- Implemented Jarvis-Patrick algorithm using Map-Reduce paradigm in Hadoop and contributing the same to Apache Mahout.
- Designed simple OpenGL graphics using own procedures for Modeling, Transformations, Clipping, Lighting and z-Buffering.

Extra-curricular Activities and Achievements
- Member of Organizing committee and the Webmaster of Techniche-2011, North-East India’s largest Technical festival, with a budget of over 6 million INR.
- Honoured with CBSE Merit Scholarship for four consecutive years.
- Got into the Top 1 % in both National Physics Olympiad (2009) and National Chemistry Olympiad (2010), competing against around 40,000 people.
- Secured 19th rank in Sir C.V. RAMAN ‘YOUNG GENIUS’ AWARDS (2006-2007).
- Secured a rank of 1124 out of 0.5 million students in the exam IIT-JEE.
- All India Rank of 149 (of .70 million) in AIEEE (All India Engineering Entrance Examination).

Technical Skills
Languages: C; C++; C#.NET; T-SQL; Python; PHP; Java; HTML; Bash; XML,JavaScript,.
Tools & Utilities: Visual Studio; Microsoft SQL Server; Joomla; PHPUnit; LaTeX; Dreamweaver.
Platforms: Linux, Microsoft Windows.

